Describe how fields are used in the Vipps MobilePay app (#369)
vippsas/vipps-recurring-api: vipps-recurring-api.md

  "productName": "Premier League subscription"
}
```
* `pricing`: Price of the subscription. 

> * `interval`: Describes how often the enduser will charged. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `interval`: Describes how often the user will be charged. 
```
